---
title: Team
permalink: /docs/team/
---

Although there are a much greater number of people working on the overall
project, this capstone group is comprised of the following individuals.

The official focus of our capstone project is designated to be the perception
system.  However due to the fact that this capstone is a reduction in scope of
a larger project, members of the group may mainly be contributors to other
areas of the project.

<div class="row">
  
  <div class="col-sm-3">
    <div class="thumbnail">
      <div class="image">
        <img style="height:160px;" src="/assets/img/oles.jpg" class="img-responsive" alt="Oles">
      </div>
      <div class="caption">
        <p>Oles Andrienko</p>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>

  <div class="col-sm-3">
    <div class="thumbnail">
      <div class="image">
        <img style="height:160px;" src="/assets/img/wesley.jpeg" class="img-responsive" alt="Wesley">
      </div>
      <div class="caption">
        <p>Wesley Yue</p>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>

  <div class="col-sm-3">
    <div class="thumbnail">
      <div class="image">
        <img style="height:160px;" src="/assets/img/stephen.png" class="img-responsive" alt="Stephen">
      </div>
      <div class="caption">
        <p>Stephen Jia</p>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>

  <div class="col-sm-3">
    <div class="thumbnail">
      <div class="image">
        <img style="height:160px;" src="/assets/img/richard.jpeg" class="img-responsive" alt="Richard Li">
      </div>
      <div class="caption">
        <p>Richard Li</p>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>

</div>

#### Oles Andrienko

Oles has extensive experience with computer vision algorithms, especially in
the context of autonomous vehicles. He is familiar with deep neural networks
and how they apply to self-driving specific tasks. On the team, Oles focuses on
the selection and design of neural networks that will be integrated into the
overall vision pipeline, as well as the tools needed to train and deploy these
networks.

#### Wesley Yue

Wesley also has substantial experience in the autonomous vehicles industry.  He
is exceptionally knowledgable in the controls algorithms that allows vehicles
to ingest details about their surroundings and apply that information to plan
its actions. On the team, Wesley focuses on developing control and planning
algorithms for the vehicle and also heavily contributes to the overall
infrastructure that allows submodules to work with one another.

#### Stephen Jia

Stephen is familiar with developing computer vision applications with deep
neural networks, but is relatively unfamiliar with the field of self-driving
vehicles. Nonetheless, he has a strong software background working in data
intensive projects. On the team, Stephen's main focus is actuation, but he also
works on sensor integration and postprocessing outputs of the neural networks.

#### Richard Li

Richard is the mechanical engineer of the group. He is critical to creating
rigid sensor mounts that keep the camera stable, greatly simplifying the amount
of software corrections that have to be made. On the team, Richard contributes
mainly to the hardware prototype. He is in charge of designing the suspension
system of the prototype.
